The bank was robbed by the baron.
the baron
The bank was robbed.

The sky is blue.
The sky
William is a little boy.
William
William hit the ball.
William
The ball was hit by William.

The ball was hit

I am at work.
I
I am working on artificial intelligence.
I
Artificial Intelligence can disturb the industry.
Artificial Intelligence
Oatmeal tastes good.
Oatmeal
My bowl contains oatmeal.
My bowl
Oatmeal overflowed out of my bowl.
Oatmeal
Reech Younis stood beside his wife, holding her hand as she screamed.
Reech Younis
That was a good push

You're doing great.
You're
Reech echoed the words.
Reech
They fell heavily from his mouth, carrying a hope he did not feel.
They
The colony on this strange planet had been successful in all areas but one.
The colony
The inability to produce children was crushing.
The inability
After forty pregnancies without a single surviving child, the colony's two doctors still had no ideas about a cause or a cure.
the colony's two doctors
Fear of another stillbirth curdled Reech's stomach.
Fear
A chittering sound diverted his attention to the window behind him.
A chittering sound
Three teddies had climbed onto the broad window sill, peering in at the proceedings.
Three teddies
The midwife's aide glanced over.
The midwife's aide
That's odd.
That
I've never seen them do that before.
I 
Covered in soft brown fur with large eyes and mischievous grins, the indigenous creatures known as teddies were cute.
the indigenous creatures
Large blue-in-blue eyes made their faces exotically attractive.
Large blue-in-blue eyes
Most colonists regarded them with a gentle affection.
Most colonists
Reech was sure that wouldn't continue forever.
Reech
He wanted to chase the things away.
He
But his wife's firm hold on his hand told him not to move.
his wife's firm hold on his hand
Reech had led the effort to eliminate the strex, local predators that attacked the colony's livestock and also fed on teddies.
Reech
Without the strex to keep their numbers in check, the teddy population had grown rapidly.
the teddy population
Vegetation that supplied most of the teddy's food was disappearing.
Vegetation
Reech could see that the human crops would be next.
Reech
There simply wasn't going to be enough for the colonists and a burgeoning herd of teddies.
There
However cute they were, the conflict caused by overcrowding was not far off.
the conflict
A plan to reduce the teddy population was already in the works, with Reech again in the lead.
A plan
His face grew red at the thought of what he would be called on to do.
His face
The sound of rapid breathing and a crushing grip on his hand told him another contraction was in progress.
The sound
As the tension ebbed with the end of the cycle, Reech's wife looked over to him with a weak smile.
Reech's wife
The smile broadened as she spotted the teddies clustered at the window.
The smile 
They came for a visit!
They
Reech bristled at his wife's partiality for the animals.
Reech
After becoming pregnant, she had made pets of several of them, feeding them tidbits from their table.
she
In return, the teddies brought her small fruits from the nearby trees.
the teddies 
Although the fruit was mildly unpleasant to humans, she ate them as a part of her play with her favorites.
she
As far as Reech knew, she was the only colonist to take more than a bite.
she
Reech couldn't admit to jealousy.
Reech 
But knowledge of his upcoming duties fed a growing antipathy towards the animals.
knowledge
He hadn't had the courage to tell his wife that he would be in charge of killing off her darlings.
He
The next contraction was accompanied by heightened cries of anguish.
cries of anguish
The midwife took up a chant of "push, push."
The midwife
As the screams subsided into a long series of moans, the midwife shifted to a rhythmic "You're almost there, you're almost there."
the midwife
Reech watched as his child began to emerge.
Reech
He braced himself against the bad news of another stillbirth.
He
He diverted his gaze to the floor, unable to face the reality of another dead infant.
He
The baby's cries snapped his attention back into place.
The baby's cries
There she was, his daughter, alive and wailing, her reddened face bunched up with offended dignity.
his daughter 
Reech's knees buckled and he collapsed onto the stool the midwife had presciently placed behind him.
Reech's knees
The midwife quickly wrapped the child in soft cloths, handing the baby to Reech so she could tend to the mother.
The midwife
Reech started breathing again, lost in the wonder of the miracle in his arms.
Reech
As he gazed at his daughter, the baby's cries diminished and her face relaxed.
the baby's cries
Her breathing slowed, becoming regular.
Her breathing
Her eyes opened.
Her eyes
The blue-in-blue orbs gazed at him with affection.
The blue-in-blue orbs
Reech's body stiffened.
Reech's body
His jaw descended to his chest.
His jaw
With eyes wide in horror, he turned to the window.
he
The three teddies had been joined by several others, bouncing up and down in excitement.
The three teddies 
He hugged the bundle in his arms to his chest.
He 
He owed a debt now.
He 
How was he going to repay it?
he