The bank was robbed by the baron.
The bank
The bank was robbed.
The bank
The sky is blue.

William is a little boy.

William hit the ball.
ball
The ball was hit by William.
The ball
The ball was hit
The ball
I am at work.
work
I am working on artificial intelligence.
working
Artificial Intelligence can disturb the industry.
industry
Oatmeal tastes good.

My bowl contains oatmeal.
oatmeal
Oatmeal overflowed out of my bowl.
my bowl
Reech Younis stood beside his wife, holding her hand as she screamed.
his wife
That was a good push
good push
You're doing great.
great
Reech echoed the words.
the words
They fell heavily from his mouth, carrying a hope he did not feel.
his mouth
The colony on this strange planet had been successful in all areas but one.
successful
The inability to produce children was crushing.
crushing
After forty pregnancies without a single surviving child, the colony's two doctors still had no ideas about a cause or a cure.
no ideas
Fear of another stillbirth curdled Reech's stomach.
Reech's stomach
A chittering sound diverted his attention to the window behind him.
his attention
Three teddies had climbed onto the broad window sill, peering in at the proceedings.
broad window sill
The midwife's aide glanced over.

That's odd.

I've never seen them do that before.
them 
Covered in soft brown fur with large eyes and mischievous grins, the indigenous creatures known as teddies were cute.

Large blue-in-blue eyes made their faces exotically attractive.
faces
Most colonists regarded them with a gentle affection.
them
Reech was sure that wouldn't continue forever.

He wanted to chase the things away.
the things
But his wife's firm hold on his hand told him not to move.
his hand
Reech had led the effort to eliminate the strex, local predators that attacked the colony's livestock and also fed on teddies.
the effort
Without the strex to keep their numbers in check, the teddy population had grown rapidly.

Vegetation that supplied most of the teddy's food was disappearing.
most of the teddy's food
Reech could see that the human crops would be next.
the human crops would be next
There simply wasn't going to be enough for the colonists and a burgeoning herd of teddies.
going to be enough
However cute they were, the conflict caused by overcrowding was not far off.
not far off
A plan to reduce the teddy population was already in the works, with Reech again in the lead.
already in the works
His face grew red at the thought of what he would be called on to do.
red
The sound of rapid breathing and a crushing grip on his hand told him another contraction was in progress.
him
As the tension ebbed with the end of the cycle, Reech's wife looked over to him with a weak smile.
him
The smile broadened as she spotted the teddies clustered at the window.
 
They came for a visit!
for a visit
Reech bristled at his wife's partiality for the animals.
his wife's partiality
After becoming pregnant, she had made pets of several of them, feeding them tidbits from their table.
pets
In return, the teddies brought her small fruits from the nearby trees.
small fruits 
Although the fruit was mildly unpleasant to humans, she ate them as a part of her play with her favorites.
them
As far as Reech knew, she was the only colonist to take more than a bite.
the only colonist
Reech couldn't admit to jealousy.
jealousy
But knowledge of his upcoming duties fed a growing antipathy towards the animals.
a growing antipathy
He hadn't had the courage to tell his wife that he would be in charge of killing off her darlings.
the courage
The next contraction was accompanied by heightened cries of anguish.
The next contraction
The midwife took up a chant of "push, push."
a chant
As the screams subsided into a long series of moans, the midwife shifted to a rhythmic "You're almost there, you're almost there."
a rhythmic "You're almost there, you're almost there."
Reech watched as his child began to emerge.
his child
He braced himself against the bad news of another stillbirth.
himself
He diverted his gaze to the floor, unable to face the reality of another dead infant.
his gaze
The baby's cries snapped his attention back into place.
his attention
There she was, his daughter, alive and wailing, her reddened face bunched up with offended dignity.
his daughter 
Reech's knees buckled and he collapsed onto the stool the midwife had presciently placed behind him.
the stool
The midwife quickly wrapped the child in soft cloths, handing the baby to Reech so she could tend to the mother.
the child
Reech started breathing again, lost in the wonder of the miracle in his arms.
breathing
As he gazed at his daughter, the baby's cries diminished and her face relaxed.

Her breathing slowed, becoming regular.

Her eyes opened.

The blue-in-blue orbs gazed at him with affection.
him
Reech's body stiffened.

His jaw descended to his chest.

With eyes wide in horror, he turned to the window.

The three teddies had been joined by several others, bouncing up and down in excitement.
The three teddies 
He hugged the bundle in his arms to his chest.
the bundle 
He owed a debt now.
a debt 
How was he going to repay it?
to repay it